{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs26 \cf0 Ask if everyone is finished with the experiment tasks and surveys.\
\
Thank you for coming today and participating in our study! On behalf of our research team, we appreciate your time and effort. Our research is focused on a topic that is important for future human-AI teaming: the future training of humans as well as potential directions for those designing technological teammates.\'a0
\f1\i0\b0 \
\

\f0\i\b We will be sending you the full debrief document with this information to your email by the end of the day today. We will also be sending your compensation for completing the entire study in 1-2 weeks.
\f1\i0\b0 \
\

\f0\i\b We would like to now take the time to inform you about certain aspects of our study. During the experiment, we told you that VERO was an intelligent autonomous agent. However, VERO was actually voiced by a member of our research team because fully autonomous A.I. capable of conversing and reacting in real-time to complex situations and decision-making are still not possible with current technology. In order to properly test our hypothesis, we could not provide you with these details prior to your participation.
\f1\i0\b0 \
\

\f0\i\b We hope you understand our reason for this method. Even though we were not truthful about the use of AI, everything else on the consent form was true! Please do not disclose research procedures, \ul especially\ulnone  the use of AI, and/or hypotheses to anyone who might participate in this study in the future as this could affect the results of the study.
\f1\i0\b0 \
\

\f0\i\b Do you have any questions for us?
\f1\i0\b0 \'a0\
\
[wait at least 7 seconds - answer general questions but do not reveal specific hypotheses]\'a0\
\

\f0\i\b One final point - please DO encourage your friends to participate in this study. Feel free to talk generally about what you did in the study, but please DO NOT discuss the specifics of the tasks that you did, how to do them, etc. This would compromise the integrity of our data. Thank you again for your time today.
\f1\i0\b0 \
}